---
layout: post
title: Do My Tech Startup Really Need Microservices?
subtitle: An architecture that is complex, expensive and require much higher expertise which basically means wasted money
bigimg: /img/path.jpg
tags: [start-up, microservices, monolith, cloud, distributed computing]
---
The simple fact is that many tech people pretend that the errors of distributed computing are somehow not an issue in the world of microservices, and that all of these things need to be taken into account in order to succeed. But even with these conditions, it is important to consider the drawbacks of microservices to ensure that this approach really makes sense for your business. In most phases of startups "growth, there are many reasons to avoid microservice, some of which are due to the lack of a clear business case for this approach. When you are in the world of microservices, you forget much more complex things, and this complexity is often more effort than it is worth. Consider that in the microservice, the goal is often to containerize everything, probably with Docker, or orchestrate something like Kubernetes. This pain can be alleviated if you have a proper CI / CD system, with rapid deployment as a prerequisite, but this is partially covered by the "quick deployment" requirement. 

Is microservice the answer to what they seem to be, or is it what we should do, and what is the best way to make changes to our architecture for the long-term success of our company? If it makes sense for your company, you can use these prerequisites to prepare for the switch to microservices or to undertake other intermediate steps. It is important to note that Fowler's condition is something of a capability maturity model for the technology. Fowler, of course, has much more to offer - more in-depth information on the pros and cons of microservices. If your team is prepared for this, it is wise to start with micro-service, as it allows you to get used to the rhythm of development in a micro-service environment from the very beginning. Setting up a database server as a single microservice and then scaling it is a mammoth task. You need a cloud-based infrastructure to ensure that microservices work for your project. 

One might think that in the world of big data, cloud computing, and cloud infrastructure, microservices are all that goes on. Remember, if you have a DevOps team, you can run Devops in a microservice environment, but not in your database server. You may have superior performance at a lower cost, but you must still be able to have flexibility in delivering these services. Of course, you can run your microservices on your own bare metal machines, and you could have a miserable time if you don't monitor the system and application performance of your monoliths. If your current architecture is not supported by a flexible infrastructure that can be easily scaled up and down and managed by different members of the team, please address this before switching to microservice. The way in which your company implements a micro-service architecture will make a big contribution to whether or not the investment pays off. Microservices can be a lot of work in advance due to the API integration that is necessary to ensure that the services talk to each other. Hilwa explains that trying to integrate microservices into an existing system is even more complicated. He recommends companies build new systems by reinventing old monoliths, apps and micro-services. 

The other drawback is that only developers who have worked at Uber for a long time can make changes to the system, and with all the dependencies between apps and components, a single change becomes a huge responsibility. Uber decided to break up the monolith into several code bases and form a service-oriented architecture (or, more precisely, a microservice architecture). While the software around microservices is divided into small independent services, each component is written in a different language, has its own database and uses its own framework. This helped Uber solve its development problems, build continuous deliveries and accelerate its business growth, according to the company's chief technology officer, Travis Kalanick. 

One of the advantages of a modern application architecture based on microservices is that you can scale your application without entangling your organization in monolithic dirt. The basic idea behind microservice architectures is that an application is easy to build, maintain, design and scale for the needs of your business, not for the application itself. You don't have to redesign and rebuild your applications or break them up into smaller pieces that fit together seamlessly. When using microservices, the software functionality is divided into several independent modules that are able to perform precisely defined, independent tasks. Fowler identified some key features that make Microservice unique, perhaps the most important being the ability to keep each module independent so that it can be replaced individually without affecting the entire application. 

As industry expert Greg Young described in a 2016 speech at the Microservices Conference in London, the ability to organize services in business functions and use smart endpoints and stupid pipes, which are aspects of SOA that are done right, creates a strong foundation for the future of microservices, as well as the potential to organize services by business function and use them as part of a single platform and not as separate software (which is another aspect of an SO a - done - right). While conventional wisdom holds that microservice projects are ideal for implementing brand new distributed software projects, a recent survey by Red Hat found that the majority of companies that use micro-services use them to reuse old and not new applications. They say they are using it for new applications or to modernise existing applications, but not necessarily for everyone. 

### References

* [https://www.hys-enterprise.com/blog/why-and-how-netflix-amazon-and-uber-migrated-to-microservices-learn-from-their-experience](https://www.hys-enterprise.com/blog/why-and-how-netflix-amazon-and-uber-migrated-to-microservices-learn-from-their-experience){:rel="nofollow"}
* [https://adamdrake.com/enough-with-the-microservices.html](https://adamdrake.com/enough-with-the-microservices.html){:rel="nofollow"}
* [https://blog.refineri.co.uk/startups-curb-the-enthusiasm-of-your-tech-guy-1bdf162f052f](https://blog.refineri.co.uk/startups-curb-the-enthusiasm-of-your-tech-guy-1bdf162f052f)
* [https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/monolith-vs-microservices-which-architecture-is-right-for-your-team-bb840319d531](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/monolith-vs-microservices-which-architecture-is-right-for-your-team-bb840319d531){:rel="nofollow"}
* [https://blog.newrelic.com/technology/microservices-what-they-are-why-to-use-them](https://blog.newrelic.com/technology/microservices-what-they-are-why-to-use-them){:rel="nofollow"}
* [https://www.pcmag.com/news/microservices-what-they-are-and-why-your-business-should-care](https://www.pcmag.com/news/microservices-what-they-are-and-why-your-business-should-care){:rel="nofollow"}