---
layout: post
title: Software Developer Wages In Turkey
bigimg: /img/path.jpg
tags: [nearshore, developer wages]
---
PHP software engineers earn $81,582 in Turkey, while C + + developers get $72,921 and C # developers $73,821. The average annual salary of a C / C # developer in Europe is between $104K and $107K, so the average salary of a Java developer with a high level of qualification is between $126K and $125K per year. C / C + + and C + + software developers in Turkey have the highest salaries, with an average salary of $60,000 and a senior developer's salary of $55,500. 

The average salary of a junior developer is nearly $72 K if a senior software developer can earn up to $105 K on PayScale. Salaries for junior software developers in the US are $68K and can reach $121,521 for senior developers. Switzerland pays the highest SoftwareDeveloper salaries, depending on the developer's experience. However, the lowest salary for software developers in France is $29K- $34K, which is only slightly higher than the average salary for software developers in Turkey of $34K.  The average salary of a software developer on Payscale is $25K per year, with a median salary of $35K for a junior developer and $50K for a senior developer. Ukraine has the highest software development salaries in Ukraine, where interfunctional development teams for customers are established and maintained. Indeed, the US is one of the best-paid countries in the world for software engineers, with an average salary of $83K per year. Switzerland is the second and highest paid country after the US, with the average salary of a software engineer reaching $83K / year, according to Payscale. Software engineers, there is a median salary for the top 10 highest paid countries for software engineers in Europe of $80K. 

According to ITjobswatch in the UK, the average salary of a software developer is $40,497 and the median salary of the top ten highest paid software engineers in Europe is $106,816. The average salary of a software engineer in Turkey with an average annual income of more than $100,000 is about $106,816. The average salary of a software engineer in Switzerland is lower than in the US, at $88,773, and the median salary of the ten highest-paid software engineers in Europe is $118,898. The average salary of a software developer in Turkey, with an average annual income of more than $100,000, is $101,178, higher than average salaries in Germany, France, Italy, Spain, and Germany. In terms of skills, iOS, Android, Python, and JavaScript developers are the highest paid, with an average annual salary of $100,000 in Turkey and $99,500 in Europe. 

The average salary of a software engineer in Germany is $54,705, while junior software engineers earn $48,929. Software engineers in Berlin are paid more than twice as well as the national average (58,624 euros). Front-end developer salaries in the U.S. are $106 K, with full-stack engineers earning $113.3 and C / C + + developers $104.5 K. According to PayScale, the average salary of a software engineer in Israel is $92k, and senior software engineers can expect an average of $96k. Junior developers in Israel can earn up to $65K, while senior software engineers can expect $95K. Compared to other technologies, the salaries of front-line and C / C + + developers in Turkey are higher. C / Python software engineers earn an average of $86,731, more than double their counterparts in the United States, while the software engineer's salary for iOS developers is $88,523. C / C + + and C + + software developers in Turkey have the lowest salaries, with salaries of about $60,000 and $55,500, respectively, according to PayScale. 

The average salary of a junior developer in Sweden is $37,595 per year, while senior developers can earn up to $52,902. JavaScript and Java developer salaries in Swedish are almost in the same direction, reaching $44K and $45K, respectively, according to PayScale.Compared to other technologies, front-end developers in Sweden have the lowest salaries, but reach $42,945. The average salary of a junior developer in Turkey and a senior developer in Swedish is about $103,000, according to Paysa. Geographical location is one of the biggest factors influencing the pay of front-end web developers. For entry-level developers, salaries are still lower than what you ultimately want as a front-end developer, but the situation plays a big role. 

### References

* [https://techbeacon.com/app-dev-testing/top-12-international-cities-software-engineers](https://techbeacon.com/app-dev-testing/top-12-international-cities-software-engineers)
* [https://www.daxx.com/blog/development-trends/it-salaries-software-developer-trends-2019](https://www.daxx.com/blog/development-trends/it-salaries-software-developer-trends-2019)
* [https://www.codingdojo.com/blog/entry-level-software-developer-salary](https://www.codingdojo.com/blog/entry-level-software-developer-salary)
* [https://blog.udacity.com/2014/11/front-end-web-developers-what-youll_12.html](https://blog.udacity.com/2014/11/front-end-web-developers-what-youll_12.html)